six incredible Lego products first up
the Rubik's Cube which because it's made
of Lego you can decorate or if you ever
get stuck trying to solve it use this
tool to pry off the offending piece and
just replace it with the right answer
next up is the Lego coaster which does
have a pretty limited build area but
it's just enough room to build a crane
over our mug why biscuit dunking machine
of course now if you prefer to wear your
Lego these are the Lego earrings this is
the Lego pin badge oh damn now that's H
what do you do with a pin badge honestly
there is only one correct answer if you
really want to stand out though you can
complete the look with the Lego glasses
do you remember these Kanye West glasses
well this is basically the Lego version
of them yep can barely see anything the
Lego pens though could be actually
useful and not just because you can
attach any Lego piece you want onto them
that was a morbid idea but you can also
attach the pens together that was my
rainbow and then what's going to tie all
of this together the Lego LED lights so
you carefully weave them in and out of
your creation okay turning on wa
subscribe for more Lego